this morning we're gonna head out to go
ahead and purchase the car again there's
still some negotiating to do because
we're still debating whether we should
just trade the car I have it now or if I
should just give this car back to my
parents so of course I asked my parents
first what they thought would be best
and my mom said if you can get a fair
trade go ahead and trade it in
so we're just having some tea first our
guy is helping out somebody already but
he I think about Benji but enemas -
he's a beauty bear
we've been out of a job for the past 4
and 1/2 hours and we're still trying to
finalize things with the car I think we
found the car so right now we're just
kinda waiting I got my juice here that's
my man whips out for me
what is company we've beaten spinach
juice and cucumbers everyone doesn't
have a juicer Benji's kind of exhausted
it takes a lot of work to find the car
do you want to do it because you know
what because it's hot out here man
when I try to make a run for the room
this is like our fourth time total
coming to this dealership
Benji's doesn't look too happy right now
really just actually we need to look at
the car goodbye Nissan Pathfinder you've
been so good to me but I think I found a
new love so we're back inside the
dealership
and she's she's doing hissing on his
phone I've been on Twitter Facebook no
YouTube
everything I I you know I didn't even
name her
so there wasn't too much attachment
which is fine so we're in our new ride
kind of smells like new car and let's
get rolling the song you're gonna play
I would actually
first turn on that lights Oh
Oh Lu tube audio setup push the talk
switch and say pair audio player select
audio play so as New Year's Eve it is
11:16 p.m. and Russia Canada country few
benches mother's house mother-in-law's
mother--i for a party hey look who's
here
you guys remember pin that yeah
well he's here we're gonna celebrate
together along with Benji bear I don't
know what he's doing and I have my
cousin here from Vancouver
all right this is a video we've been
friends ever since like before
elementary town was can I take a picture
now can I do it sideways
okay okay okay whoa wait wait one two oh
wait there you go
it's going hold still there we go
it's calibrate all I think it worked out
good retake retake
allons over cigarette
maybe I can see your cleavage I can see
your cleavage again I'm not I'm looking
at it
work a bit giving a face gonna show Dad
the makeover I did embed you for the
first time he's never seen this yet
remember this is for charity okay